38881 importmap integrity ff release (#39130)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/138/index.md

### HTML

> - The [`importmap`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script/type/importmap) value of the [`type`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script/type) attribute of the [`<script>` element](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script) can now include the [`integrity`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script/type/importmap#integrity) key to the importmaps so that ES module URLs can be matched against their integrity metadata. This means that ES Modules can now work with [CSP](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/CSP) directives that require Subresource integrity ([SRI](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Practical_implementation_guides/SRI)). ([Firefox bug 1945540](https://bugzil.la/1945540)).

Reviewer: - we've updated the HTML docs schema - so now there's a new `Reference` directory
- clarifying that these are URLs used in import maps
```suggestion
- The [`importmap`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/script/type/importmap) value of the [`type`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script/type) attribute of the [`<script>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/script) element now supports the [`integrity`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/script/type/importmap#integrity) key. This allows the ES module URLs referenced in the import maps to be matched against their integrity metadata. As a result, these modules are now compatible with [CSP](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/CSP) directives that require Subresource Integrity ([SRI](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Practical_implementation_guides/SRI)). ([Firefox bug 1945540](https://bugzil.la/1945540)).
```
